Update NFR to DG (#341)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F08-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Non-Functional Requirements

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.

> 2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 patients and 1000 appointments without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.

Reviewer: Hahaha did we test this lol

Author: It is default from the current NFR

3.  A user with above average typing speed for regular English text (i.e. not code, not system admin commands) should be able to accomplish most of the tasks faster using commands than using the mouse.
4. Should work without internet access i.e offline-only.
5. Should not take more than 25MB of space, including data files during normal usage.

> 6. Should consistently save and load data locally so that import data in different devices should return the same application state.

Reviewer: Sorry I dont understand point 6, initially you mentioned that the data should be offline-only but the data in different devices should return the same state?

Author: > Sorry I dont understand point 6, initially you mentioned that the data should be offline-only but the data in different devices should return the same state?

It is from different devices
omg

Reviewer: why you omg haha

> 6. Should consistently save and load data locally so that import these data files in different devices should give the same application state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The data should be transferrable from this computer system to another, ensuring that it displays identically on the new system.
```

> 7. Should response in less than 5 seconds for any given command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Should respond in less than 5 seconds for any given command.
```

> 8. A new user should be easy to use most of the features with one read from UG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. A new user should be able to make use of most features by reading the UG once.
```
